2.1.3	Questions
1.	Explain the role of the stack data structure in the student assignment management system. Why was a stack used 
instead of another data structure (e.g., queue or list)?

Answer :
        In a student assignment management system, a stack is typically used to handle operations where the most recent
         action needs to be processed first. This follows the LIFO principle (Last In, First Out). For example,
          if students submit multiple assignments or updates, the latest submission is often the one that should be reviewed, 
          edited, or undone first. A stack makes this efficient because insertion (push) and removal (pop) both happen at the 
          top, giving fast access to the most recent item.


2.	What is the difference between the push() and pop() methods in a stack, and how are they used in this program?
answer : 
        The push() and pop() methods are the two core operations of a stack, and they work in opposite ways:
        push()  adds (inserts) an element to the top of the stack
        pop()  removes (and usually returns) the element from the top of the stack

3.	Why is it important to check the condition !isFull() before calling the push() method? What could go wrong if this check is removed?
Answer :
        Checking !isFull() before calling push() is important because it prevents the stack from exceeding its allocated capacity.

4.	How many student assignments can be stored in the current implementation of the stack? Provide the specific 
line of code or variable that determines this.
Answer :
        The number of student assignments that can be stored in the stack depends on the maximum size defined for the stack, usually set when the stack is created.

        In a typical implementation, it is determined by something like:

        an array declaration, e.g.
        int[] stack = new int[10]; → can store 10 assignments
        or a variable, e.g.
        int MAX = 10;
        int[] stack = new int[MAX];

        So, the specific line or variable that controls the capacity is:

        the array size (new int[SIZE]), or
        a constant/variable like MAX, capacity, or size

5.	Modify the existing stack implementation so that the system can also show the first student who submitted their assignment. 
Describe the changes you made in both StudentDemo and StudentAssignmentStack classes.

Answer :
        programe changed as per requirement in files.


6.	Implement a method to count and return the number of assignments currently stored in the stack.
 Describe how your method works.

Answer :

7.	What did you learn from this experiment about stack-based systems? Reflect on a real-world 
application where this kind of system might be useful.

Answer :
        From this experiment, the main takeaway is that a stack-based system is ideal when the 
        most recent data needs to be handled first. The LIFO behavior makes operations like adding 
        (push), removing (pop), and viewing the latest item (peek) very simple and efficient. I also 
        learned that stacks are easy to implement but have limitations—like not being able to directly 
        access the first (bottom) element without extra logic. That’s why we had to add a separate 
        variable to track the first student.

