2.1.3. Question
    1. In the constructor, why are the initial values of the front and rear attributes set to -1, while the size attribute is set to 0?
    Answer :
            he front and rear attributes are initialized to -1 because the queue is empty at the beginning, so there is no valid 
            index for the first or last element. The size attribute is initialized to 0 because there are no elements stored in the queue yet.
    2.In the Enqueue method, explain the meaning and purpose of the following code snippet!
    Answer:
            if (rear == max - 1) {
    rear = 0;
}

    is used in a circular queue. When the rear index reaches the last position of the array (max - 1), it is reset to 0 so 
    the queue can continue inserting elements from the beginning of the array. This allows efficient reuse of empty spaces 
    created after dequeue operations.

    3.In the Dequeue method, explain the meaning and purpose of the following code snippet!
    Answer:
            if (front == max - 1) {
    front = 0;
}

    is used in the dequeue process of a circular queue. When the front index reaches the last position of the array,
     it is reset to 0 so the queue can continue accessing elements from the beginning of the array.

    4. In the print method, why does the loop variable i start from front instead of 0 (i.e., int i = 0)?
    Answer :
            In the print method, the loop variable i starts from front instead of 0 because the first active element 
            in the queue may not always be located at index 0. After several dequeue operations, the front index moves 
            forward, so printing must begin from the current front position to display only valid queue elements.

    5. Review the print method again, and explain the meaning of the following code snippet!
    Answer:
            i = (i + 1) % max;

        is used to move the index forward circularly. The modulo operator (%) ensures that when the index reaches 
        the last array position, it returns to 0. This is the main mechanism of a circular queue.

    6. Show the code snippet that represents a queue overflow!

    Answer:

    7. When a queue overflow or underflow occurs, the program continues to run and only displays informational text. 
    Modify the program so that it stops when a queue overflow or underflow happens!


    2.2.3 Questions
    1. What is the main difference between the Queue (experiment 1) and StudentQueue classes in terms of the data type they manage? 
    Why is this change in data type important?
    Answer:
            The main difference between the Queue class and the StudentQueue class is the type of data they store. The Queue
             class in Experiment 1 stores primitive data types such as integers, while the StudentQueue class stores objects 
             of the Student class. This change is important because the program now needs to manage complete student information 
             such as NIM, name, study program, and class name instead of only simple numeric values.


    2. How do the enqueue and dequeue methods in StudentQueue differ from those in Queue?
    Answer:
            In the StudentQueue class, the enqueue and dequeue methods work with Student objects, 
            while in the Queue class they work with integer data. In StudentQueue, the enqueue method 
            inserts a Student object into the queue, and the dequeue method removes and returns a Student 
            object. The queue operations themselves are similar, but the managed data type is different.

    3. Examine the constructor of the StudentQueue class: why is the front attribute initialized to 0, 
    whereas in the Queue class from Experiment 1, the front attribute is initialized to -1?

    Answer:
            In the StudentQueue constructor, the front attribute is initialized to 0 because the implementation 
            assumes the queue will start accessing elements from index 0. In the Queue class from Experiment 1, 
            front is initialized to -1 to indicate that the queue is initially empty and there is no valid front index yet. 
            Initializing with -1 is generally clearer for representing an empty queue.
    4. Modify the program by adding a new method called viewRear() in the StudentQueue class to check 
    the queue element at the rear position. Also, update the menu in the StudentQueueMain class by adding option 
    : “Check rear of the queue,” so that the viewRear() method can be invoked.